understanding this slide and
particularly these golden rules is going
to be critically important to you not
just for project one or all the data
structures you build in this class or
even in the exams but also in your life
now this is just the kind of thing that
people expect programmers to know second
nature so to test your understanding so
far maybe you don't have it quite
perfect yet I have the following problem
for you to consider what I'd like you to
do is look at this code and determine
which of these four statements is true
now ideally what you'll do is your with
some other people right now you'll first
work alone on the problem come up with
an answer then you'll argue with each
other and then you watch me give away
the answer and debate what that means so
let's try that first step and if you
don't have anybody else around that's
fine
but really try and work on this problem
by yourself without looking at the
answer so pause the video and I'll wait
here patiently okay so now that you've
come up with your own personal theory
trying to bait with others and pause and
now finally what I'm gonna do is I'm
going to show you the answer so let's
consider the Java visualizer this is
just the result of clicking this link so
when I run this code first thing that
happens a walrus gets built I'll kind of
skip that part
so after this person walrus is after
this walrus is created and this integer
variable is set up we call do stuff so
do stuff when it is called well when we
pass a parameter that means that this
function is going to have its own scope
it's gonna have a variable called walrus
and another called int and we're going
to copy the bits so if you understand
what copying the bits means that means I
get a box called W another called X this
is 64 bits this is 32 bits these 32 bits
corresponding to the number 9 get copied
in and these 64 bits corresponding to
the address that new shouted out after
it finished its job will be copied to EE
so in other words we have the same
address sitting inside of these two
boxes which we represent in our visual
metaphor using an arrow so they're
pointing at the same walrus so in do
stuff we take this walrus and we
subtract its weight and that is going to
affect the walrus that main
the next step we're going to say x
equals x minus five and the scoping
rules for job are just like any other
language that you might have learned in
the past say Python so we're going to be
referring to the do stuffs version of X
now this is a 32-bit representation of
the number nine and not the address of
the number nine that's a very subtle the
incredibly important distinction it's
the number not the address of the number
and so what that means is if I say x
equals X minus five we're actually just
changing this number here and there's
not it's not causing an effect to
backwash its way into the main functions
a scope so when the code finishes
running then we have a walrus pointing
at a well of the walrus variable
pointing at a walrus that did lose
weight but X is unchanged
so hopefully that made sense and if it
didn't make sure that you click on this
link and make sure that you can follow
all the steps and maybe go back and
re-watch one of the earlier pieces